Ha Douyin you are back
Who is that?
As rampant as in my gambler
This is your eldest sister's son Qin praising me for good luck
That's the one who eloped with the wild man
The bitch who disgraced Dong Jia
Dong Ying, don't talk nonsense.
Let's find a case here together
I made peace
What qualifications does Jiang He have to make peace with us?
Hey, Dong Ying
Come on, come on, come on, let me see this table
You said he was friends with Meifo
Meifo said there is still a life
Yes, you should not have a loan
We can't beat them.
We have to make peace.
Humph dad
You underestimate me too
What do you mean?
I have developed abroad over the years
Use the means to communicate national policies
Appreciated by the earth
The earth can only say that I am the big handsome
You are also going to betroth Princess Jiaojiao to me
I am not only handsome
Or parents
Don't say Mei Feng
Even if it is yellow
I can't help but talk nonsense
I heard that Princess Jiaojiao is in Dragon City
I just got back.
Great, I couldn't get through to calling you a few days earlier.
I thought our Dong family couldn't resist the previous battle helplessly
This is not wronged.
See how I kill him
I heard you are friends with America.